Feature request: make returned score in captcha V3 accessible on backend (#228)
praekelt/django-recaptcha: README.rst

In the event the score does not meet the requirements, the field validation will fail as expected and an error message will be logged.

After validating the form, the score value returned by Google will be present in the widget attribute ``returned_score``. In the case of any error the value of ``returned_score`` will remain it's initial value of ``None``. The ``returned_score`` can be accessed in a view like so:

    .. code-block:: python

        if form.is_valid():
            # code here
        else:
            # more code here
        
        # after running is_valid() returned_score should be set, if there were no errors:

>         if not form.fields['captcha'].widget.attrs['returned_score'] is None:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        if form.fields['captcha'].widget.attrs['returned_score'] is not None:
```

>             print('Google returned a score of:' + form.fields['captcha'].widget.attrs['returned_score'])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            print(f"Google returned a score of: {form.fields['captcha'].widget.attrs['returned_score']}")
```
